---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 4"
permalink:  week4
date:       2021-07-26
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 4 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes Grandparents, Giannis Antetokounmpo, vlogbrothers, Microsoft Solitaire, California Produce, Ted Lasso, and Goalkeeping."
---

# Welcome to Week 4 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Grandparents](#monday), [Giannis Antetokounmpo](#tuesday), [vlogbrothers](#wednesday), [Microsoft Solitaire](#thursday), [California Produce](#friday), [Ted Lasso](#saturday), and [Goalkeeping](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, July 19th - Grandparents</a>**

Family has always been my #1 value that I hold close, so I am beyond grateful that I have shared many memories with my four grandparents, despite living on opposite sides of the globe. Some friends and I recently won a video contest and my grandparents congratulated me after my mom shared my success with them. I am grateful that my grandparents care very much about me and I appreciate them dearly.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, July 20th - Giannis Antetokounmpo</a>**

The 2021 NBA Finals ended today and I watched Giannis Antetokounmpo become a legend with a 50-point performance in the clinching game. More importantly, I witnessed one of the most humble and inspiring celebrities achieve the goal he has been working hard towards for the past 8 years. I am grateful for Giannis, his hilarious pressers, his indefatigable effort, and his inspirating nature.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, July 21st - vlogbrothers</a>**

I've been binge watching vlogbrothers videos and watching John and Hank Green have this conversation with each other and the nerdfighter community has made me feel all the feels. The videos reflect the joy, sadness, weirdness, and all the other things that make up life. I am grateful for vlogbrothers and making me feel like I am a part of a larger human collective, when I sometimes feel lonely.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 22nd - Microsoft Solitaire</a>**

I was in high school when I realized that there was only one game automatically uploaded to my Dell laptop: Microsoft Solitaire. Now, I didn't know what it was really, but I learned over time by playing on my commute, at home, and during class, much to the chagrin of my teachers. I am grateful for Microsoft Solitaire being my version of the Snake game and being wonderfully addicting that I still play now.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 23rd - California Produce</a>**

After going to Your Dekalb Farmers Market, I walked into a huge warehouse expecting to see many local produce and goods cause that would make sense. They helpfully labeled where the produce came from, and to my slight shock, most of it came from California. I am grateful for being able to sometimes go to school in California where fresh produce is easily accessible and the nationwide produce supply chain.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, July 24th - Ted Lasso</a>**

I tend to binge watch shows that I am very invested in and today was no exception. Ted Lasso has been making its rounds, receiving plenty of nominations and recognition along the way. For me, I finally bit the bullet when I saw the new season was starting out. I am grateful for Ted Lasso, the power of positivity, dealing with some hard times, and binge watching shows at 4 o'clock in the morning.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, July 4th - Goalkeeping</a>**

For 6 straight years, I played goalie in soccer and I found it exhilarating. In the net, I found a level of focus and enjoyment that I have only found in some places in my life. Today, I made my return to goalkeeping with some friends and wow I missed it a lot. I am grateful for the time I was able to spend in the net and for the time outside of it, which helped show me how much I enjoyed it.
