---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 3"
permalink:  week3
date:       2021-07-19
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 3 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes Vaccines, Crash Course US History, Mature Parent-Child Relationships, Naps, My TI-84, Emergency Band-Aids, and Rainy Days."
---

# Welcome to Week 3 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Vaccines](#monday), [Crash Course US History](#tuesday), [Mature Parent-Child Relationships](#wednesday), [Naps](#thursday), [My TI-84](#friday), [Emergency Band-Aids](#saturday), and [Rainy Days](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, July 12th - Vaccines</a>**

I went into an office building and got a taste of the in-person corporate environment for the first time ever. I interacted with strangers for the first time in about 16 months without fear of getting sick but instead with the typical fear of forgetting people's names immediately after meeting them. I am grateful for vaccines and their ability to let me focus on all the other things that scare me on a daily basis.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, July 13th - Crash Course US History</a>**

My 7th grade social studies (history) teacher phoned in the second half of the year so he decided to show us Crash Course US History most class days. In a way, he, a tall, Caucasian teacher, replaced himself with John Green, a tall, Caucasian teacher. I am grateful for Crash Course US History, its ability to prepare me for 8th grade history, and its ability to educate, entertain, and remind 8 years later.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, July 14th - Mature Parent-Child Relationships</a>**

As an oldest child, I have always felt the need to be mature so I can set a good example for my siblings, among other reasons. One benefit that I have recently come to appreciate is the ability to talk with my parents openly about more issues and topics that I used to avoid or just didn't know about. I am grateful for my current relationships with my parents and look forward to seeing them grow as I do.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 15th - Naps</a>**

In my later high school days, I finally began to enjoy naps, albeit to a drastic level. I would come home after commuting an hour and would lie down in my bed, passing out until dinner time when I would be fully rested to eat a bunch and then go back to work. I am grateful that my naps are not always like that anymore and I have the ability to take a few hours of rest after another day of staring at screens.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 16th - My TI-84</a>**

Before I started 7th grade, I saw on my school supplies list that I needed a graphing calculator for my Integrated Algebra class. After asking my mom to buy me any calculator that met the requirements, I soon received a brand new TI-84 Plus C *Silver Edition* calculator. I am grateful that I have been able to keep the same calculator for the past 8 years through plenty of tests, calculations, and memories.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, July 17th - Emergency Band-Aids</a>**

I bought a box of band-aids a couple months ago and, on a whim, decided to place an extra one in my wallet just in case. I basically forgot about it until today, when I got a small, bloody cut on my finger while at a hangout. After pulling out my wallet band-aid, people were shocked by how prepared I was. I am grateful for past me being smart enough to make me seem more adult than I actually am.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, July 18th - Rainy Days</a>**

I am lazy some days and need excuses to stay inside again (went out to look for a reason to hide again). Rainy days are sufficient for that and Atlanta summers seem to attract rain and thunderstorms. I am grateful that today was a rainy day and gave me the perfect excuse to stay inside and do nothing.