---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 2"
permalink:  week2
date:       2021-07-12
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 2 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes Netflix Party, Chipotle Workers, Berkeley Bowl, Movie Theater Popcorn, Señor Sisig, Air Travel, and Target Cashiers."
---

# Welcome to Week 2 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Netflix Party](#monday), [Chipotle Workers](#tuesday), [Berkeley Bowl](#wednesday), [Movie Theater Popcorn](#thursday), [Señor Sisig](#friday), [Air Travel](#saturday), and [Target Cashiers](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, July 5th - Netflix Party</a>**

Flashback to last March, watching movies with people outside your bubble seemed to not be feasible until Netflix Party emerged as an unlikely hero. Netflix's competitors, like Disney+, were forced to integrate similar features. I am grateful for Netflix Party and its ability to force Disney+ to create a feature that allowed me to watch a movie with my sister despite being on opposite coasts.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, July 6th - Chipotle Workers</a>**

Like several other restaurants, Chipotle launched a special offer to help promote vaccinations in the form of a BOGO for friends today. I, along with many, many other people, wanted a $5 burrito but this increased demand had to affect someone. I am grateful for the Chipotle workers who had to spend all day long on their feet, serving food to impatient college kids, and still tried to keep a smile.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, July 7th - Berkeley Bowl</a>**

Fruits and vegetables are good, but when I go grocery shopping, they are not exactly the first thing I look for. Or at least until I learned about Berkeley Bowl. I am grateful for my friends who introduced me to this grocery store with loads of fresh produce, a bargain bin to get the cheapest berries, and the many new types of produce that I have learned about over these past few months.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 8th - Movie Theater Popcorn</a>**

What a buttery, salty snack to munch on and nearly finish before the movie even starts. What an amazing food that I shove into my mouth by the handful while watching the latest meta Ryan Reynolds trailer. What a wonderful companion in a theater filled with other people. I am grateful of movie theater popcorn for allowing me to ignore the calories and elevate the movie-watching experience.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 9th - Señor Sisig</a>**

In my first trip to SF in 2016, my family and I ate at this little food truck in Union Square that served one of our favorite Filipino dishes inspired by Mexican cuising called Señor Sisig. Today, about 5 years later, I tookout food from a Señor Sisig restaurant as my last meal in the Bay before leaving for Atlanta. I am grateful for Señor Sisig, their good food, and the good memories that it brings.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, July 10th - Air Travel</a>**

I flew from San Francisco to Atlanta today, which reminded me of how amazing air travel is. The flight took about 4.5 hours, which is way faster than alternate methods of transportation like car (36 hours), transit (62 hours), biking (220 hours), and walking (827 hours). I am grateful for the speed and comfort of air travel as it exists today and look forward to advancements in the field.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, July 11th - Target Cashiers</a>**

Disclaimer, my sample size is only 2 right now but after a couple trips to Target in Atlanta, both of the cashiers that rung me up made actual conversation with me and were so kind that it made me think that Southern hospitality is true and people in NY and the Bay Area just aren't that nice. I am grateful to these 2 Target cashiers who helped my first couple days in ATL pretty nice.
