---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 6"
permalink:  week6
date:       2021-08-09
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 6 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes YouTube Compilations, Esther Day, Driving Ranges, Never Have I Ever, Auto Play, Super H Mart, and Batch Cooking."
---

# Welcome to Week 6 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [YouTube Compilations](#monday), [Esther Day](#tuesday), [Driving Ranges](#wednesday), [Never Have I Ever](#thursday), [Auto Play](#friday), [Super H Mart](#saturday), and [Batch Cooking](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, August 2nd - YouTube Compilations</a>**

YouTube culture can be not great at times but I have typically enjoyed fans around cult tv shows or communities. For years, I have been watching compilations videos of old vines, Community, Mythic Quest, B99, Try Guys, etc. I am grateful for the YouTube compilations and their creators for allowing me to remember the best parts of things that I have already seen before but brings me fond memories.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, August 3rd - Esther Day</a>**

Esther Earl was an essential part of nerdfighteria, a community created by John and Hank Green (vlogbrothers), and helped to decrease overall world suck during the 16 years that she was alive. I have recently learned about Esther and Esther Day, a yearly celebration on her birthday where the entire community celebrates family and love. I am grateful for Esther and the lasting impact that she has made.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, August 4th - Driving Ranges</a>**

The most lasting memory I have of a driving range is a scene in High School Musical 2 where Troy teaches Sharpay how to golf. Today, I have finally made my way to the driving range in person and I am not great at golf. I thought that watching videos would be enough but turns out that golf is hard. I am grateful for driving ranges to help me avoid making myself look like a fool on the golf course. 

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, August 5th - Never Have I Ever</a>**

Nearly every night, I fall asleep to the sounds of a random YouTube video, TV show, or podcast. Unfortunately for my sleep, I sometimes get hooked on what I am watching to such an extent that I keep watching and I did the same with Never Have I Ever tonight. I am grateful for a teen comedy-drama show that has actors from backgrounds not traditionally shown in media and breaking stereotypes.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, August 6th - Auto Play</a>**

So... I finished my binge watch of the 20 episodes of Never Have I ever and I have realized that the auto play feature on Netflix and similar platforms is such a wonderful part of my viewing experience. Instead of wasting precious seconds clicking "Next episode," my phone is aware that of course I will want to continue. I am grateful for the Auto Play feature enabling my binging habit.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, August 7th - Super H Mart</a>**

Growing up, I knew H Mart as the Asian grocery store next to my favorite pizza place but after living in Berkeley with 99 Ranch closeby, I realized that I enjoy the nostalgia of Asian food surrounding me. To make things better, today was my first time at a Super H Mart which was super fun. I am grateful for Super H Mart for giving me some good memories and a nice student discount as well.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, August 8th - Batch Cooking</a>**

The meal prep craze never really hit me probably because I was always told to cook a lot of food for the rest of my family. Transitioning to living on my own, I have yet to kick this habit which had led me to participate in batch cooking quite frequently. I am grateful for being able to have leftovers for the entire week and gaining enough cooking ability that my food does not taste too bad either.