---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 5"
permalink:  week5
date:       2021-08-02
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 5 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes Dialogue, Plant Operators, Buzzfeed Unsolved, Sleep App, Costco, Crepes, and Turf Fields."
---

# Welcome to Week 5 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Dialogue](#monday), [Plant Operators](#tuesday), [Buzzfeed Unsolved](#wednesday), [Sleep App](#thursday), [Costco](#friday), [Crepes](#saturday), and [Turf Fields](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, July 26th - Dialogue</a>**

Remote work can be good but the lack of social interactions can drain my enthusiasm at times. Having dialogue with people, even through Zoom or Teams calls, has gotten me through the past year-and-a-half of online school and work. I am grateful that other people are willing to talk with me and give me some motivation to get out of bed and off TikTok. 

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, July 27th - Plant Operators</a>**

After touring a manufacturing plant today, I am once again reminded by the essential work done by plant operators whose work can be ignored by most. Long hours and night shifts can be difficult to manage but there definitely is something unique about being in a plant. I am grateful for the work that plant operators do and their essential role behind the scenes of manufacturing all the CPGs of the world.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, July 28th - Buzzfeed Unsolved</a>**

Recent years have seen a rise of public interest in true crime but the only media I have consumed related to this has been Buzzfeed Unsolved: True Crime with Ryan and Shane. Although the cases can be a bit grizzly and disturbing, their banter makes it a little more light-hearted. I am grateful for their 8 seasons of True Crime and look forward to watching Supernatural as it comes out later this year.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 29th - Sleep App</a>**

I am going to come clean, I am writing this entry on the Monday after the date above so I don't remember what I did on this day. The only thing I know is that I got 7 hours and 13 minutes of sleep according to my sleep app. I am grateful for having some way to track my sleep as a record of my life.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 30th - Costco</a>**

I am a proud owner of a Costco card for the first time in my life and I have already saved more than the cost of the card already. I've made about 6 trips in 3 weeks and I bought an entire golf set. I am grateful for the amazing prices at Costco and the psychology that they utilize to not make me feel too bad for spending more money than I would of by giving me the illusion of savings.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, July 31st - Crepes</a>**

Crepes are light, fluffy food stuff that can be breakfast, lunch, or dinner. One of my fellow interns (and new friend?) offered me some crepes and all the toppings imaginable, which allowed me to not cook anything for myself which is great for a Saturday morning. I am grateful for her generosity and her very nice crepes that reminded me that I should make some crepes soon because they are pretty nice.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, August 1st - Turf Fields</a>**

Turf fields are amazing. Artificial grass that remains consistent no matter the weather. No need to deal with mud puddles that stains clothes, especially when you are flopping around like a fish while diving for saves. I am grateful for the beauty and usefulness of turf fields, even when considering the annoying tiny rubber things that get stuck in your shoes and clothes that spread around everywhere.
