---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 1"
permalink:  week1
date:       2021-07-05
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 1 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes Open Conversations, Free & For Sale, Support Systems, Giving Credit Where Credit's Due, Spontaneity, The Indoors, and Apple Health App."
---

# Welcome to Week 1 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Open Conversations](#monday), [Free & For Sale](#tuesday), [Support Systems](#wednesday), [Giving Credit Where Credit's Due](#thursday), [Spontaneity](#friday), [The Indoors](#saturday), and [Apple Health App](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, June 28th - Open Conversations</a>**

Since high school, I have been fortunate to have very open conversations with friends, family, teachers, and co-workers about important topics in the world. I am grateful for having people in my life that I can have these conversations with and, more often than not, learn from them and their perspectives.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, June 29th - Free & For Sale</a>**

Free & For Sale is a Facebook group at Berkeley that has helped shape my college experience. I can look around my room and easily spot the used items I have found on the site including a nickelboard, a Herschel backpack, a pillow with a fancy giraffe, and new headphones, to name a few. Is it worth it? Unclear, but I am grateful for having such a pretty cheap way for me to satisfy my online shopping itch.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, June 30th - Support Systems</a>**

Just a few minutes before writing this, my high school friends notified me that a classmate of ours died at the age of 20. We were not super close, but we shared a number of interactions through the years. I am grateful for the people in my life who are offering their support and I will try my best to do the same.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 1st - Giving Credit Where Credit's Due</a>**

Today, I was in a breakout session talking about whether we had ever had our work co-opted to bolster someone else without receiving any credit at all. After reflecting for quite a bit of time, I cannot recall any time that this has happened to me, and I hope that I have not done this to others. I am grateful to those who have lifted me and my work up and gave me proper credit, and I will give credit where credit's due.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 2nd - Spontaneity</a>**

I am not the most spontaneous person and that sometimes sucks since I feel like I might be missing out on some fun opportunities. But today, my fellow non-sponanteous friend suggested we get some oysters before I leave the Bay and I immediately said yes. I am grateful for the sudden burst of spontaneity that helped create a good memory. I guess the world is your oyster after all.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Saturday, July 3rd - The Indoors</a>**

This past year has been different. I have gotten closer with my reserved side after spending countless days without being hit by the sun's rays. Today was another one of those days but this was by my choosing. I am grateful for the ability to spend an entire day inside and simply relax in my room.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Sunday, July 4th - Apple Health App</a>**

I played with pedometers when I was younger and I remember my brother and I brought pedometers as gifts for our newly born sister 13 years ago. Today, I took 34,457 steps, walked/ran 17.4 miles, climbed 84 flights, and burned 1,797 calories. I am grateful for the advancement of technology that led to the Apple Health App, which recorded numbers that will help me remember what I did today.
