---
layout:     post
title:      Why Am I Blogging?
permalink:  why-blog
date:       2021-06-01
categories: stories
excerpt: "I am a structured thinker. Or at least I think that I am. With this in mind, here are the 4 main reasons why I decided to start blogging. (Note: there are probably dozens of other subconscious ones but I cannot..."
---

# I am a structured thinker.

Or at least I think that I am. With this in mind, here are the 4 main reasons why I decided to start blogging. (Note: there are probably dozens of other subconscious ones but I cannot think of them now).

---
---
<p></p>

**1. Inspiration**

I was recently paired up with [Sarina Chen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarinachen/), a Berkeley IEOR grad, as part of a mentorship program and it has been wonderful. In addition to the valuable help she has imparted about exploring different industries and doing co-ops, I learned she has created her own website [ifcolorful.com](https://ifcolorful.com) to showcase her own personal projects. I highly recommend looking through her posts on [Disney IE](https://ifcolorful.com/theme-park-infographics/), which made me even more interested in IEOR, and [College Football](https://ifcolorful.com/college-football/), for the phrase "Circle of Suck."

[Peter Zhang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pjz) is another incredible human being who I have drawn much inspiration from for this website. I decided to use Jekyll to create my website due to its simplicity (ha, more on that later) and read through all of his posts to help structure my first few ideas here. Two of his posts that really made me think, "Wow, I should really be doing that," are [Tracking Time](https://peterzhang.info/time-tracking) and [Budgeting](https://peterzhang.info/budgeting).

**2. New Challenge**

5 years ago, I made a website about the San Antonio Spurs for a computer science class and it was bad (and thankfully was wiped from existence). Well, maybe not too bad because I got an 86 on the project, but the HTML-only site was my only exposure to web development until about a week ago.

Taking on new challenges is something exciting, yet I have found myself not exactly doing that much after more than a year just sitting around in my house. Not knowing what you are doing is a great feeling that I hope to experience more in the next few months as I continue working on this blog, but maybe I will eventually be comfortable enough put my website on my resume one day.

**3. Free Time**

In lieu of posting a humblebrag to fill your LinkedIn feed, I would like to announce on this website, which no one knows about yet, that I will be taking the fall semester off to work a co-op from June to December. While planning out my move and scouting out the best places to eat in Atlanta, it dawned on me that I will have much more free time doing 40 hour work weeks when compared to taking 22 units + actively participating in 4 clubs at college.

During quarantine, I spent most of my free time with family and cooking a lot of new food, but when living alone, cooking too often can lead to weeks of leftovers. So I need other activities. I figured a website might be a good first step since I could potentially track my progress on other pasttimes here as well. I'm hoping this public setting gives me some self-imposed pressure to do things outside of work and recruitment in the next few months. It is also arguably more productive than lying in bed and rewatching Community for the 7th time, but that is debateable.

**4. Self-Discovery**

I am not sure if I found who I am as an individual yet. I know that this is okay and normal for people of all ages, but I want to start figuring out my own personal opinions, preferences, desires, etc. I sometimes feel like I have lived my life by just going with the flow, adapting to the various situations that I have been placed in, or making decisions based on other people's thoughts instead of my own. This has come with some advantages - my transitions from middle school to high school and high school to college have gone quite smoothly - but I am still searching for what I would do if left to my own devices. I hope this website/blog will serve as a way for me to uncover things about myself that I haven't realized before as I approach my 21st birthday this year.