---
layout:     post
title:      "Gratitude: Week 5"
permalink:  week5
date:       2021-07-02
categories: gratitude
excerpt:    "Welcome to Week 5 of Gratitude! This issue of gratitude includes monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, and sunday."
---

# Welcome to Week 5 of Gratitude!

This issue of gratitude includes [Dialogue](#monday), [Plant Operators](#tuesday), [Wednesday](#wednesday), [Thursday](#thursday), [Friday](#friday), [Saturday](#saturday), and [Sunday](#sunday).

---
---
<p></p>

**<a name="monday">Monday, July 26th - Dialogue</a>**

Remote work can be good but the lack of social interactions can drain my enthusiasm at times. Having dialogue with people, even through Zoom or Teams calls, has gotten me through the past year-and-a-half of online school and work. I am grateful that other people are willing to talk with me and give me some motivation to get out of bed and off TikTok. 

---
<p></p>

**<a name="tuesday">Tuesday, July 27th - Plant Operators</a>**

After touring a manufacturing plant today, I am once again reminded by the essential work done by plant operators whose work can be ignored by most. Long hours and night shifts can be difficult to manage but there definitely is something unique about being in a plant. I am grateful for the work that plant operators do and their essential role behind the scenes of manufacturing all the CPGs of the world.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="wednesday">Wednesday, July 28th - Buzzfeed Unsolved</a>**

Recent years have seen a rise of public interest in true crime but the only media I have consumed related to this has been Buzzfeed Unsolved: True Crime with Ryan and Shane. Although the cases can be a bit grizzly and disturbing, their banter makes it a little more light-hearted. I am grateful for their 8 seasons of True Crime and look forward to watching Supernatural as it comes out later this year.

---
<p></p>

**<a name="thursday">Thursday, July 29th - Item</a>**

Enter grateful item

---
<p></p>

**<a name="friday">Friday, July 30th - Item</a>**

Enter grateful item

---
<p></p>

**<a name="saturday">Saturday, July 31st - Item</a>**

Enter grateful item

---
<p></p>

**<a name="sunday">Sunday, August 1st - Item</a>**

Enter grateful item
