---
layout:     post
title:      My Cooking Journey
permalink:  cooking
date:       2021-07-23
categories: stores
excerpt:    "I used to forget to season my eggs. I have improved since then. Eggs were the natural starting place for me in the kitchen. Filipino breakfasts were a normal occurence in the Barcelona household and fried..."
---

# I used to forget to season my eggs. I have improved since then.

Eggs were the natural starting place for me in the kitchen. Filipino breakfasts were a normal occurence in the Barcelona household and fried eggs are essential to the experience. Rice + Eggs + Meat = Great!

---
---
<p></p>

Hot oil and new cooks don't go well together though, so I started my cooking journey with an "omelette" when I was around 10 years old. If you are curious, this was basically what my recipe was.

1. Fail at breaking 2 eggs into a bowl by having egg shells fall in
2. Poorly whisk the eggs with a fork, scratching up a bowl in the process  
3. Pour mixture into medium-hot skillet without any oil
4. Forget about what salt and pepper are
5. Take out the omelette

Anyways, I have always liked food but my journey in cooking was fairly stagnant after first making eggs. I did the common kitchen tasks that my mom assigned to me, such as taking meat out of the freezer/fridge, cook rice in a rice cooker, watch a pot of boiling liquid, preheat the oven, etc. My next stop in the journey would not come until freshman year of high school when I became addicted to YouTube, something that still persists and will continue to persist.

My interest in cooking lines up pretty well with a number of well-known food YouTube series today, especially Binging with Babish and Worth It. Both of those shows premiered in 2016 when I was in the first half of my high school life and I fondly remember having those videos on Autoplay, split-screened with my homework so I can increase my appetite while dramatically decreasing my productivity. But seeing all the amazing food that these creators cooked and ate drew me to the idea of cooking food that people would like to eat, especially myself.

It still took me a few more years to take some actual steps in the kitchen, but when I did, I went for it. I remember spatchcocking a whole chicken and oversalting it. I remember making a cheesecake that tasted fine, but looked atrocious. I remember trying to make French omelettes and actually succeeding some times (with loads of butter). But then, college started and that involves living in a dorm. My dorm had 8 floors, about 20 rooms per floor, and approximately 2.5 people per room, for a total of around 400 people sharing 1 small kitchen. Factor in having a meal plan that you could never fully use, suffice to say I never actually cooked in my freshman year of college.

> "Then, the weirdest thing happened" - Bo Burnham, Inside

Going back home was an unexpected occurence, but once I settled back and finished up my classes for the semester, I decided to take advantage of all the fancy kitchen stuff my parents had accumulated through 20 years of being married. So I cooked a lot and I continue to cook a lot. Here is where I will list what I have made since quarantine first started as a reminder of how far I have come since forgetting to season my "omelettes."

* Tofu "Ricotta Cheese" and Tomato Toast (tricked my brother into thinking it was normal cheese)
* Almond Flour Chocolate Chip Cookies (almost made this into a Babish-style YouTube video)
* Overnight Oats (not really cooking but still doing something)
* Chocolate Souffle (based on a DCL recipe)
* Apple, Caramelized Onion, Brie Sandwiches (made at midnight)
* Gazpacho (which had way too much onion)
* Cauliflower Fried Rice (bagged califlower rice is eh)
* Actual Fried Rice (made because the califlower rice was eh and then many more times after that)
* Juicy Chicken Breast with White Wine Pan Sauce (my go-to meal to impress)
* Fried Chicken (frying is annoying)
* Gumbo (amazing, only bad part was eating leftovers for weeks and weeks)
* Creamed Spinach (baby spinach is not the move)
* French Onion Soup (classic, can't complain)
* Spaghetti Carbonara (classic, can't complain)
* Soft Scrambled Eggs (true chef vibes but a little fussy, like a chef I guess)
* Garlic Noodles (apparently the 2nd-most famous SF treat behind Rice-A-Roni)
* Falafel (learned the hard way that you cannot use canned chickpeas)
* Chana Masala (quite delicious and easy to make)
* Brownie Brittle (not originally planned like that but worked out pretty okay)
* Aquafaba Meringues (wonderful until they stuck together)
* Dosas (epic fail probably due to overfermentation)
* Pollo a la Plancha (amazing meal that I should really cook again soon)
* Smash Burgers with Fries (it's hard to beat this combo)
* Biscuits and Gravy (looking forward to trying the real thing in ATL)
* Chicken Parmesan (delicious on every level)
* Fresh Pasta (cannot even imagine doing this without a KitchenAid)
* Fried Chicken Sandwich (a chicken breast is too large for regular burger buns)
* Chicken Nuggets (lots of work for something you can get much cheaper)
* Arancini (delicious risotto balls of goodness, string cheese doesn't melt though)
* Spanish Tortilla (heavenly with garlicky mayo but a little difficult)
* Risotto (made mushroom and lobster with homemade stock cause I'm fancy)
* Roasted Mushrooms (perfect for snacking and as a side to steak)
* Beef Stew (why have I not had more stews before this)
* Chicken Paprikash (paprika is a good flavor)
* Ollalieberry Tarts (picking fruits yourself does not make any difference in taste)
* Sushi (imitation crab is always solid but be light on the mayo for spicy salmon filling)
